ChinookPack v1.7.5.5 How to use Advanced Features



AGM Fastroping

In order to use the Advanced Gameplay Modification's Fastrope feature you must be below 
27 meters in terrain altitude and open the Self-Interaction menu whilst in any seat inside
the Chinook. You should now see 'Deploy Rope' once deployed re-open the menu and now select 
'Fastrope'



Chinooks Rear Ramp

In order to use the rear ramp of the Chinook you must now either be a pilot or co-pilot.
The reason behind this choice is because of players screwing around with the ramp in 
public servers - Tested on 3CB with feedback from pilot members. 



Crew-Chief Features

In order to use any of these features you must firstly make sure you are in the correct 
seat. To access the Crew-Chiefs position you can either enter it from the Crew Door or
by entering the Ramp Crew position and scroll wheeling to switch to the Crew-Chief.

Abilities:

1:- Open Cargo Hatch - This locks all the seats that are on the floor of the Chinook and 
    opens the hell hole. Currently no features regarding the hell hole.
2:- Fold Seats - This locks all the seats that are on the red chairs and folds them. This then 
    adds the ability to the Crew-Chief to Deploy Stretchers that will unfold the stretchers 
	and allow them to be used.
3:- Remove Pilot Doors - This removes the front side doors of the cockpit allowing the 
    Pilot and Co-pilot to drop smoke from the cockpit and see better in first person mode. 
	In return it makes the Pilots vulnerable to gunfire. 

	

Static Line Parachutes

In order to use the static line parachutes you must consider the following: 

1:- The Helicopters terrain altitude must be above 140 Meters.
2:- The Rear Ramp must also be either open or level
3:- The Player must be in any of the Cargo seats (this includes ffv crew positions)

If done correctly all players in the cargo seat will see a Blue action near the bottom of 
the action menu called 'Static Line Paradrop' This will eject the player with a T10 Parachute
and safely land them keeping all of their gear and any backpacks they had equipped.
